docs: update  affix to data-table doc (#126)
TuSimple/naive-ui: src/cascader/demos/enUS/index.demo-entry.md

| disabled | `boolean` | `false` | Whether to disable |
| expand-trigger | `'click' \| 'hover'` | `'click'` | If `remote` is set, `'hover'` won't work. |
| filterable | `boolean` | `false` | If `remote` is set, it won't work. |
| filter | `(pattern: string, option: CascaderOption, path: Array<CascaderOption>) => boolean` | `undefined` | A string based filter algorithm. |
| leaf-only | `boolean` | `false` | If only allow value of leaf node to be in `value`. |
| max-tag-count | `number \| 'responsive'` | `undefined` | Max tag count in multiple mode. `responsive` will keep all the tags in single line. |
| multiple | `boolean` | `false` | Whether to support multiple selection |
| options | `Array<CascaderOption>` | required | Filled options data |
| placeholder | `string` | `'Please Select'` | Prompt information |
| remote | `boolean` | `false` | Whether to obtain data remotely |
| separator | `string` | `' / '` | Data separator |
| show | `boolean` | `undefined` | Whether to show menu. |
| show-path | `boolean` | `true` | Whether to show path in selector. |
| size | `'small' \| 'medium' \| 'large'` | `'medium'` | Cascader size |

> | value | `string \| number \| Array<number \| string> \| null` | `undefined` | Data controlled by cascade selection |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| value | `string \| number \| Array<number \| string> \| null` | `undefined` | Value of the cascader in controlled mode. |
```

> | virtual-scroll | `boolean` | `true` | Whether to support virtual scrolling |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| virtual-scroll | `boolean` | `true` | Whether to enable virtual scrolling. |
```

> | on-blur | `() => void` | `undefined` | Callback executed when the user blurs |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| on-blur | `() => void` | `undefined` | Callback executed when blurs |
```

> | on-blur | `() => void` | `undefined` | Callback executed when blurs. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| on-blur | `() => void` | `undefined` | Callback on blur. |
```

> | on-focus | `() => void` | `undefined` | Callback executed when the user focus |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| on-focus | `() => void` | `undefined` | Callback executed when focused. |
```

> | on-focus | `() => void` | `undefined` | Callback executed when focused. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| on-focus | `() => void` | `undefined` | Callback on focus. |
```

| on-load | `(option: CascaderOption) => Promise<void>` | `undefined` | Callback when click unloaded node. Set `option.children` in the returned promise. Loading is end after the promise is resolved or rejected. |

> | on-update:value | `(value: string \| number \| Array<string \| number> \| null) => void` | `undefined` | Callback executed when controlled data changes |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| on-update:value | `(value: string \| number \| Array<string \| number> \| null) => void` | `undefined` | Callback executed when value changes. |
```

## API

### CascaderOption Properties

| Name      | Type               | Description                         |
| --------- | ------------------ | ----------------------------------- |

> | label     | `string`           | label used to display information   |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| label     | `string`           | Label of the option.   |
```

> | value     | `string \| number` | Corresponding to the value of label |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| value     | `string \| number` | Value of the option. |
```

| disabled? | `boolean`          | Whether this item is disabled       |

> | children? | `CascaderOption`   | The children data of this item      |

Reviewer: 英文句号
